update: add JVM records (#2093)
JetBrains/kotlin-web-site: docs/topics/jvm/jvm-records.md

[//]: # (title: Records)

> > JVM records feature is [Experimental](components-stability.md). It may be dropped or changed at any time. Use it only for evaluation purposes. We would appreciate your feedback on it in [YouTrack](https://youtrack.jetbrains.com/issue/KT-42430).

Reviewer: In our guidelines we have a special warning for experimental features with opt-in, see [here](https://docs.google.com/document/d/1zmjZvQHsvkohMZCQTpv64gPDZEpUOQwYqQ-YH601oWc/edit#heading=h.ty9tig7yrvtm) or an example on the [Sealed interfaces](https://kotlinlang.org/docs/sealed-classes.html#sealed-interfaces) doc.

Author: How fast do they change! %)
I took the one from Sealed interfaces

>
{type="warning"}

> _Records_ are Java specific classes for storing immutable data. Records carry a fixed set of values – the _records components_.

Reviewer: Do you mean `Java-specific classes` or `specific Java classes`? It not clear for me now, maybe it's better to rephrase.
I'd also add a link to the Java doc page about records.

Author: Rephrased to be more precise.

As compared to regular Java classes, they have a concise syntax in Java and save you from writing boilerplate code:

```java

> public record Person (String name, int age) {}

Reviewer: If a page contains samples in both Kotlin and Java, please start Java snippets with the `// Java` comment as we do in [Calling Kotlin from Java](https://kotlinlang.org/docs/java-to-kotlin-interop.html), for example.

Author: Fixed, thx!

```

The compiler automatically generates a final class inherited from [java.lang.Record](https://download.java.net/java/early_access/jdk16/docs/api/java.base/java/lang/Record.html) with the following members:
* a private final field for each record component

> * a public constructor

Reviewer: With parameters for all fields, I suppose? Let's be precise here.

Author: Sure, I took your suggestion.

> The compiler automatically generates a final class inherited from [java.lang.Record](https://download.java.net/java/early_access/jdk16/docs/api/java.base/java/lang/Record.html) with the following members:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The compiler automatically generates a final class inherited from [`java.lang.Record`](https://download.java.net/java/early_access/jdk16/docs/api/java.base/java/lang/Record.html) with the following members:
```

Author: That one is tricky – I usually try not to use more than one logical markup element. I think there is room for discussion :)
However, I'll approve your suggestion.

* a set of methods to implement structural equality: `equals()`, `hashCode()`, `toString()`

> * a public method for reading the component

Reviewer: I don't get what is `the component` here.

Author: Add `record component`

* a set of methods to implement structural equality: `equals()`, `hashCode()`, `toString()`
* a public method for reading each record component

Records are very similar to Kotlin [data classes](data-classes.md).

## Using Java records from Kotlin code

You can use record classes with components that are declared in Java the same way you would use classes with properties in Kotlin.

> To access the record component, just use its name like you do for [Kotlin properties](https://kotlinlang.org/docs/properties.html):

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To access the record component, just use its name like you do for [Kotlin properties](properties.md):
```

val firstName = Person.name
```

## Declare records in Kotlin

Kotlin supports records declaration only for data classes. The data class should meet the [requirements](#requirements).

To declare a record class in Kotlin, use the `@JvmRecord` annotation:

>Applying `@JvmRecord` to an existing class is not a binary compatible change. It alters the naming convention of the class property accessors.
>
{type="note"}

```kotlin
@JvmRecord
data class Person(val name: String, val age: Int)
```

This JVM-specific annotation enables generating:

* the record components corresponding to the class properties in the class file
* the property accessor methods named according to the Java record naming convention

The data class provides `equals()`, `hashCode()`, `toString()` method implementations.

### Requirements

> To declare a data class with the `@JvmRecord` annotation, it should meet the following requirements:

Reviewer: Seems grammatically incorrect: `To declare..., it should meet`

Author: I took the version from copyeditors (but it still has the same structure).
What do you think about that?

* The class shall be in a module that targets JVM 16 bytecode (or 15 if  the`-Xjvm-enable-preview` compiler option is enabled).

> * The class cannot explicitly inherit any other class (including `Any`) because all JVM records implicitly inherit `java.lang.Record`.

Reviewer: Is this about direct `extends` relation or implementing interfaces is prohibited as well?
The current wording seems a bit vague, I'd make it more concrete.

Author: I thought the difference in `inherit` vs `implement`. 
I've added the remark.

> * The class cannot declare any additional state – properties with backing fields – except those initialized from the corresponding primary constructor parameters.

Reviewer: Do we really need `additional state` here? Seems like this complicates the explanation without an obvious value.

Author: Seems redundant.

> * The class cannot declare any mutable state – mutable properties with backing fields.

Reviewer: Same as above - is `mutable state` necessary?

Author: Same.

* The class cannot be local.

> * The primary constructor of the class must be as visible as the class itself.

Reviewer: Nitpick: I like `must have the same visibility` more. It's up to you anyway :)

Author: Copyeditors approved this variant.
